# WP Childtheme - based on Twentytwentyone

A child theme is a replica of a theme. This childtheme was generated by the [Child Theme Generator](https://wordpress.org/plugins/child-theme-generator/) plugin. You need a child theme if you want to build on top of an existing theme.

Since this is a child theme of Twentytwentyone it is asumed that Twentytwentyone is installed. All styles and scripts from the parent theme are available to the child theme.

## functions.php

*Bootstrap* css and scripts added from a CDN, see [here](https://github.com/asathoor/wp-rest-api/blob/main/wp-twentytwentyone-child-theme/functions.php#L10-L30).

## style.css

In this file you can add more styles, for instance if you want to make custom css permanent.

## screenshot.png

The image that will display your design or logo in the Dashboard.

## front-page.php

If you add a front-page.php WordPress will display the content on the frontpage of your website.

You can hardcode everything in pure HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Even the loop and the get_footer() and get_header() are optional.

## page-api-test.php

This is a costum page, that will load blog posts via the REST API. Note that you will get a page that will follow the general lay-out of the theme.

## /js/get-posts.js

The script will fetch the posts. Remember to change the URL, so that the script will fetch the posts from your own domain.

## How to link to images, scripts and similar

The `<?php echo get_stylesheet_directory_uri(); ?>` WP theme tag will give the path to your child theme folder. You don't have to hardcode such links. Here are a few samples:

~~~~
<?php echo get_stylesheet_directory_uri(); ?>/images/YOUR-IMAGE.png
<?php echo get_stylesheet_directory_uri(); ?>/images/YOUR-IMAGE.svg
<?php echo get_stylesheet_directory_uri(); ?>/js/YOUR-SCRIPT.js
<?php echo get_stylesheet_directory_uri(); ?>/video/YOUR-VIDEO.mp4
~~~~
